All right in this video we are going to address issue number 57 and that's the ability to add or update
a visit and I am going to change protocol a little bit in this. What I'm going to do is I'm going to
go ahead and implement it shamelessly steal from the Spring guys again just implement that Controller.
I think we've had enough Controller content you guys should be getting pretty darn good with it by now
so I don't think I need to cover it at the detail level that we have in the past.
So I'm going to come over here and this is the there's a Controller and I'm going to go ahead and implement
that.
I'm going to steal this content here from these guys and we will create our own implementation of it
over in our project so come back over here and mark this as saying to me saying that it's now in process
and what I want to do here is I'm going to implement it because we've seen a lot of control or examples
thus far in the course.
I'm going to implement it.
I believe that it's working.
I'm going to create a task for someone to go ahead and implement their unit test and accept that as
a pull request.
So let's go through and go ahead and get this implemented so we can come down here to that web project
and see that we don't have a VisitController so I'm going to go ahead and add that right so
I'm just going to go and paste this and
and I'm just doing option enter which is telling IntelliJ to go ahead and do then parts once we get
through this we will go ahead and modify this to how we like.
Now the first thing we need to do is @Controller
makes it that and I don't like the way they named these properties so I'm going to refactor that
as a Repository.
Same here refactor.
Repository.
OK.
That's refactor that as well.
May I've been on the pop up that I clicked here too quick.
I'm just coming to you.
Select and factor option.
I will tell IntelliJ to go ahead and do the refactoring soon. IntelliJ has some very powerful refactoring
tools.
Now let's take a quick look here to see what's happening.
Now the VisitController gets wired up.
We don't need autowired on there because there is a constructor.
Here are the two repositories so those are going to be the repository implementations.
And actually we should have a service for that right.
Yes.
So I want to switch over and not use the repositories directly.
So I'm going to wipe out.
Now I use the services so I need visit.
VisitService.
So.
And then the PetService.
You know that's a little bit of a stylistic thing on my part.
So I do like having that service layer and just from experience a lot of times this is a fairly simple
project but a lot of times handling those repositories directly.
I mean it's great for simple projects.
But as you get more complex projects you're probably going to have business logic and I don't like having
a lot of business logic inside the controllers.
So go ahead and now IntelliJ to create the constructor for us so that clears that up and then let's look
through here so ModelAttribute visit.
So again the ModelAttribute is going to run with every request against this Controller.
And what we want to do is petService and findById I'm going to take petId.
And that's actually going to be a Long because we chose to use a Long for ID on our main objects.
So that's just initializing pet and visit so we need to do it here.
So let's double check our Pet.
So here we we have the new HashSet and we ran into this problem before so what we want do is come in here and
say we saw this before so if
so I'm saying there's on our Builder pattern so if you don't set that explicitly our initialization
gets wiped out so we won't have an empty HashSet.
So we can do what I'm about to show you here.
So we're going to set this up and what the Spring guys do is they added a helper method for managing the
visits.
And I'm going to be working with the set directly.
And then you can see here that it is giving us a warning and I don't think there's a good one because
saying if visits is not equal to null , oh I should say equal to null. Here we go.
So visits equal null, is going to fall in.
Or if visits size is greater than zero so basically it will never get here if it's null.
It'll never get to this check.
So now that actually was a good check.
So first first look there I thought it was wrong.
So that updates are Pet Entity and now let's come back over here to our VisitController.
Now what I can do is rather than get visit as a helper method that they added what we can do is say getVisits().add,
like so
and again because we didn't add that helper method in,  we need to manage both sides of relationships.
So that's what we're doing right there.
And this is important common here so they're going to load load visits here and then return that back.
So that's initialising new visit form and that's going to give it the Pet object and that technically should
be Long.
So its going to be kind of interesting what they did there because we do have, this is initializing the form.
It's now just going, going through this.
And so you know we should always get a Pet and then that's putting in a new and new visit and empty visit
onto that.
So any existing visits should already be there and we're just adding it to adding in an empty visit
just in case.
So I'd like to settle.
That's kind of interesting the way they're doing that to be honest.
Then there's going to initialize the form.
And then here is where we're going to handle the post.
So I was going to take in the ownerId and the petId, and we are going to make sure that the Visit
is valid.
And look at the BindingResult as long as it has errors will be returned back to the form.
And then here we need to refactor this to our visitService and save save the visit to solve now.
Go ahead.
That should give us everything.
I am going to run this now
and our Spring Boot application is starting up. Once its up, we're able toggle over to Chrome
and come over this.
And let's go home.
See problem with the, some reason the resources aren't coming up so I've seen that happen sometimes.
So let's try stopping this
rebuild project.
And when you see something like that that's often the IDE is having a problem of loss of resources.
And we'll go ahead and let it rebuild now let's try to start it up again if it still fails.
Do a clean build inside of Maven. So something funky happened with the web resources and I bet it's
because somewhere along the line I accidentally did a clean so I remember the the resources actually
get built.
Was good reinforcement here.
Stop that and let's come over here to Maven and off the roof.
I'm going to do verify, what  is going to do is do a full build run all the tests.
And more importantly remember how we have that plug in that's generating the web resources so I was
going to go through and look at last documents generate our CSS.
And that's really what was missing is the CSS styling our custom CSS styling was missing.
And we should see some chatter for it here in the logs
but I can show you here in the target on their web what we're looking for is.
buildContexts.properties static templates so static resources as this petclinic CSS that is getting
generated for those wro.4j for J plugin.
So that's probably what was missing.
So now if I start this up IntelliJ is going to map it properly and find that resource for us kind of
funny how its working under the under the covers because what's happening is InelliJ is doing its
build but it doesn't know about that.
wro4j plugin so it doesn't generate that CSS.
Let's take a look at our Web page it should fix it.
There we go.
So now our resources get generated properly lets do find owners do find all pick on Michael, l and see if we can a
visit.
And we are getting a 500 error so let's take a quick look at that createOrUpdateVisit form
type.
Alright.
Refactor type to petType.
So we have another form that is not happy with it and that is on createOrUpdateVisit form.
So come over here to our resources
Thats on line 25 and see here is its on the line 25 and column 11
updateVisitForm.
Try that one more time as in the petForm so I go down like a line 25 again
so let's go ahead and restart this project do a build build should have done it but because template
loading and DevTools enable them to have it.
I did a restart there so lets come back over here.
Refresh it should well display that now lets add a visit.
Now our type is working.
That works.
And our date is failing so we still need to look at validation some failing validation there.
Looks like the right format or so.
So coming up in the next section of the course are going to be looking at validation so let's see here
we'll say I should create a new issue.
Now label this as a bug.
So we will track that
out.
Now we know that.
But for now I am going to call this good.
But we have not created any test for this.
So I am going to come out here to GitHub again create a  new issue.
And this one I am going to label help wanted.
So if somebody wants to submit the test for that which you can do is use GitHub challenge to anybody
who's taking a course if it's not been completed yet.
Take a look at the repository and if you some pull requests I will review it and merge it in and probably
record a video and give you kudos for doing that.
So let's go ahead and use.
So I'm going to close out number 57 here so we did add in the visit functionality come up here.
Number 57 Just double checking commit and push us and we will call this video done.